Loop step section of tutorial doc (#198)
ihmeuw/easylink: docs/source/user_guide/tutorials/getting_started.rst

   29999  9999   e       11               7               8               9               10               11
   [30000 rows x 8 columns]

Loop Steps
==========
EasyLink supports a number of `operators` which enable flexibility in selecting and configuring
implementations for various record linkage pipeline steps. In this section we will discuss the 
``LoopStep`` operator, but other operators include ``ParallelStep``, ``ChoiceStep``, and 
``HierarchicalStep``. A ``LoopStep`` allows the user to loop a step multiple times such that 
each iteration depends on the previous. An implementation is specified for each iteration -- each iteration 
can have different implementations, or all can have the same one.

.. note::
   So that you may have an idea of the functionalities
   enabled by operators, note that the other operators mentioned allow

>    the user to create pipeline sections with parallelized processing, multiple implementation options, and 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   the user to create pipeline sections with parallelized processing, one of several branching paths, and 
```

>    substeps resepctively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   substeps respectively.
```

   29999  9999   e       11               7               8               9               10               11
   [30000 rows x 8 columns]

Loop Steps
==========
EasyLink supports a number of `operators` which enable flexibility in selecting and configuring
implementations for various record linkage pipeline steps. In this section we will discuss the 
``LoopStep`` operator, but other operators include ``ParallelStep``, ``ChoiceStep``, and 
``HierarchicalStep``. A ``LoopStep`` allows the user to loop a step multiple times such that 
each iteration depends on the previous. An implementation is specified for each iteration -- each iteration 
can have different implementations, or all can have the same one.

.. note::
   So that you may have an idea of the functionalities
   enabled by operators, note that the other operators mentioned allow
   the user to create pipeline sections with parallelized processing, one of several branching paths, and 
   substeps respectively.

.. todo::
   This page references the ``LoopStep`` class in the EasyLink code rather than the operators described in 

>    the Pipeline Schema doc page eg "loop-able sections".

Reviewer 2: What is actually to-do from this?  Change this page to reference the operators described in the pipeline schema doc page once it is in the repo?

To demonstrate the use of a ``LoopStep`` we will use a new pipeline configuration YAML, 
:download:`loop-pipeline.yaml <loop-pipeline.yaml>`::

   steps:
      step_1:
         implementation:
            name: step_1_python_pandas
      step_2:
         implementation:
            name: step_2_python_pandas
      step_3:
         iterate:
            - implementation:
               name: step_3_python_pandas

>             - implementation:

Reviewer 3: would it be worth having a third loop here with a different implementation, to emphasize that looping behavior is defined at the step level of abstraction? that is, to make clear that you could use the same implementation, or different ones, or a mix of both, as long as they all implement step_3.

Author: I like the idea but not prioritizing loopable section docs bc may not appear in the demo.

               name: step_3_python_pandas
      choice_section:
         type: simple
         step_4:
            implementation:
            name: step_4_python_pandas
      

> As shown in the YAML, to unroll a ``LoopStep`` (step 3 is defined as one by ``development.py``), 

Reviewer 2: I don't understand what this reference to `development.py` means, is there a way to say it differently?

Author: I'm going to delete the parenthetical because I'll be rewriting the tutorial to be about the demo-focused RL schema (which doesn'thave any loopable sections) rather than the development schema. My original intention in mentioning ``development.py`` was to document (for myself mostly) how someone would be able to know that step 3 was loopable, without having any "pipeline schema docs" to refer to for the development schema like we do for ``main.py``. Only made sense in the context of the development version of the tutorial serving as my unofficial personal docs for understanding the development schema in addition to being the first steps towards a RL schema tutorial. Not that it matters now anyway!
